feat: Add Software Buildsheets in processor-sdk-doc (#369)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/devices/AM62X/linux/Release_Specific_Build_Sheet.rst

.. _build_sheet:

====================
Software Build Sheet
====================

Build Sheet of supported features and modules for this |__SDK_FULL_NAME__| Release.
The following table lists the supported features and modules for the corresponding category,
along with the support status for Linux on A53, RTOS on MCU M4, RTOS on WKUP R5F, and RTOS on A53.

The support status is indicated by the following codes:

   - "Yes": The feature or module is supported.
   - "No": The feature or module is not supported.
   - "SDKx.y": The feature or module will be supported in a future version of the SDK.

>    - "N/A": The feature or module is not applicable in the hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - "NA": The feature or module is not applicable in the hardware.
```
As per the convention used below in the actual build sheet
